Today I will be interviewing one of the admins of Little Kickers. Can you introduce yourself? Hi, I'm Elena Goh. I have been working for Little Kickers as an admin for almost 3 years. Have you also been working as a coach? Yes, I have also been working as a coach for almost 4 years. Okay, so thank you so much for letting me interview you. Let's go to some general questions first. What was the easiest part of using the app? What's the easy part of using the app? It made me easy to find the classes and also especially for the coaches, it saved a lot of my time, which is I don't need to do manually for their payment and also the monthly hours of how many hours they have been working. Did you get stuck at any point? So far, when I first time use it, I don't feel any stuck or hard but mostly it's an easy way for me to use. Alright, so let's go through the coach specific questions because you also did the test as a coach. So, would you actually use the active session timer during a real class with kids running around? Why or why not?  Would you actually use the active session timer during a real class with kids running around? Why or why not? For me as a coach, I will use it because it much more easier and help me for the whole session, especially the AI of... Tell me about the drill animations. 

Were they helpful or distracting? Animation. Animation, they basically help me because someone like me, I think it's better for me to look at animation instead of wording. Now I will ask you about admin specific questions. Walk me through how you currently create session plans and schedule classes. Walk me through how you currently create session plans and schedule classes. Okay, for currently I am using manually by Google Sheet. So I will make sure all the coaches fill up. Every Monday I have to send a reminder. So basically... Every weekly I will need to ask the coaches whoever are free and this take a lot of my time to keep chasing the coaches to keep me update about their availability so it kind of hard for me to do manually right now. By app, I think it will be helpful for me in terms of saving my time and also I don't need to chase the coaches to update every weekly to me. Okay, tell me about creating the session template. Was it easy? Yeah, for me it's easy just one click of upload the PDF. 

Okay. Did you understand the drill categories? Like intro, warm-up? Yeah, for me, as I mean, I understand basically because it's divided based on different type of drill. Okay. You have access to finance and analytics. What data would actually be useful to you? what data will be useful for me is uh the first thing is about the attendance i can check um how many percent is already at 10 and also i already i also will chat about their um the distribution And also I can check about the student distribution, the mega kicker junior, different classes. And then about the finance, I can check every, make me easy because I can check every weekly. Coach personally have already earn how many, how much they already earn every month. I won't be mistake count about their payment income. Won't have any mistake for this one. and then yeah and then for the student fees also easy for me because i can chat uh whoever have paid and then whoever haven't paid stay pending so just one dashboard easy for me to check is there anything else you wanted to mention that i didn't cover So I would like to mention just for the finance maybe because we need a proof of the payment which is we cannot just one click and then just click that payment already paid. 

think maybe we can just have a for a future where we can upload the receipt as a proof that they already made a payment from the receipt we also can check which date that they already made the payment and then we can check in the bank is it accurate same date or not okay thank you so much uh elena miss elena for joining the interview today your your your response will be insightful for our research you are welcome 