Okay, today I will be interviewing one of the coaches that has done the user testing for my app, GoalBuddy, in collaboration with Letakikas Haibabuka. Please introduce yourself. Hello, my name is Coach Iqmal. So I've been working here at Letakikas as a part-time coach for a little over one year now. And yeah, Okay, thank you Kuching App. Thank you for being interviewed for my test. So I have a question. What was the easiest part of using the app? I find that the app shows all the necessary information that I need in the dashboard itself, so I don't need to open any specific section of the app to, for example, look at my salary or look at any of the drills. I can just see everything from my dashboard, which is quite handy, I think. Did you get stuck at any point and where? I find the user interface very user-friendly so I don't think it was very difficult to navigate through the app. What feature would you use most often? So I think what's really helpful with the app is that it can lock my salary. 

So sometimes it is easier but right now I just keep track of my salary by keying in my rate in my notes manually. So with this app I think which everything is automated so it's really quite helpful I think. Okay, what's missing that you expected to see? So from the app, I noticed that the amount of students is not accurate. So I hope to see some improvement on that. But overall, the concept is there. And yeah, quite easy. Okay, now I will ask you coach-specific questions because you are a coach. Would you actually use the active session timer during a real class with kids running around? Why or why not? Well, as a coach, it is my job to maintain the class sessions and to make sure that the timing is right. So sometimes I find it hard when I'm focusing on the other kids and maybe I'm not looking at my watch. Sometimes it can be very easy to go over the time limit. So with this app, and it has the ringer feature, so whenever the timer runs out, it rings me. Even when I'm distracted, it tells me straight away that I'm over the time limit. 

So it's quite helpful, I think. Tell me about the drill animations. Were they helpful or distracting? Okay, so when I look at the animations, I find it quite very, very helpful. I find it very helpful. And like for the lesson plans that we have now, it is all just static pictures. So we have no animations and very long bodies of text. So it's in the... For example, let's say I forget how the lesson plan goes, you know, for a specific game. It is... It is not very time efficient for me to read back all the bodies of text. So just looking at the animation is quite enough for me to know how the game goes, how to set up the game, which helps with my time management as well. How was the attendance marking experience? Was it easy compared to what you're using now? Okay, so for right now, what we're using is Excel. We're using Microsoft Excel to log all the attendance for all the kids. So right now, we need to manually key in. So we need to look for the names and we need to mark it. So press on it. 

It takes a few buttons to complete the activity. So you have to click on the button, click on the name and click present, you know, replacement, you know, it was all manual. So with the app, Cool Buddy, I can, all the names of the kits are, you know, for example, for Mega Kits, all the names are there. So it is quite, it's a one button action, one tap. So I just click check, check, check, check, check. So it's very easy to use. Okay, that's all for the course specifications. So is there anything else you wanted to mention that we didn't cover, I didn't cover? And on a scale of 1 to 5, how likely are you to use this app once it's fully launched? Okay, so from what I see from the app, at the moment I think it's very, very complete. And maybe in terms of improvement, we could add something like a session where you can see all the other coaches working on what session at the time. So for right now, I can only see my own. So for example, maybe I don't know. which coach is absent or which coach is unable to make it for the session. 

So hopefully I can see that and the other coaches can put their reasoning in the app, why they are absent, why they cannot make it. So just in case, if anything happens, I can be there to replace them. so maybe you can have a something like a notification system for that so just in case if any one of the coaches are on medical leave or an emergency leave or anything they can straight away notify the app and it can notify all the other coaches so the coaches can you know quickly replace the other coaches all right and in terms of using the app i find it yeah i find myself using the app in the future which it helps automates a lot of procedures that we're doing right now and I think this can be very useful for other coaches, not just in Little Kickers but also in other organizations as well. Thank you so much for your time and honest feedback. This will help improve our GoldBuddy app. Thank you Coach Man. Thank you, you're welcome. 